Add new repo guide (#153)
huggingface/huggingface_hub: docs/hub/adding-a-model.md

After creating your model repository, you should see a page like this:

![/docs/assets/hub/empty_repo.png](/docs/assets/hub/empty_repo.png)

4. This is where your model will be hosted. To start populating it, you can add a README file directly from the web interface.

![/docs/assets/hub/repo_readme.png](/docs/assets/hub/repo_readme.png)

5. The README file is in Markdown — feel free to go wild with it! You can read more about writing good model cards [in our free course!](https://huggingface.co/course/chapter4/4?fw=pt)

If you look at the “Files and versions” tab, you’ll see that there aren’t many files there yet — just the README.md you just created and the .gitattributes file that keeps track of large files.

![/docs/assets/hub/files.png](/docs/assets/hub/files.png)

## Uploading your files

If you've used Git before, this will be very easy since Git is used to manage files in the Hub.

There is only one key difference if you have large files (over 10MB). These files are usually tracked with **git-lfs** (which stands for Git Large File Storage). 

> 1. Please make sure you have both **git** and **git-lfs** installed on your system.

Reviewer: A link to git/git-lfs installation instructions would be welcome

Author: Great idea!

2. Run `git lfs install` to initialize **git-lfs**:

```
git lfs install
```

3. Clone your model repository created in the previous section:

```
git clone https://huggingface.co/<your-username>/<your-model-id>
```

The directory should contain the `README.md` file created in the previous section.

4. Add your files to the repository

> Now it's the time 🔥. You can add any files you want to the repository. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now's the time 🔥. You can add any files you want to the repository. 
```
